BREAKING CHANGE: Improves extending ImportHandlers and refactors the Metrics API (#804)
scireum/sirius-biz: src/main/java/sirius/biz/analytics/scheduler/README.md

day in the current month, so that the relected values are up to date (as long as the system 
isn't overloaded).

For maintenance and troubleshooting some options are available:
* The [AnalyticsCommand](AnalyticsCommand.java) can be used in the [System Console](https://localhost:9000/system/console)
by calling **analytics**. This lists all active schedulers, their queue and last execution. It also permits

> to forcefully start a scheduler imedietally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to forcefully start a scheduler immediately.
```

> * The Logger **analytics** can be set to FINE (using the **logger**) command to observer when the framework is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Logger **analytics** can be set to FINE (using the **logger** command) to observe what the framework is
```

doing.
* The [Cluster State](https://localhost:9000/system/cluster) and the [Load Info](https://localhost:9000/system/load)

> report the queue lenghts in whiche the tasks are scheduler and also list which server is charce of executing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
report the queue lengths in which the tasks are scheduler and also list which server is in charge of executing
```
